v1/multi-language/go/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://nitric.io" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nitrictech/nitric/main/docs/assets/nitric-logo.svg" height="120"></a></p>

## About Nitric

This is a [Nitric](https://nitric.io) Golang project, but Nitric is a framework for rapid development of cloud-native and serverless applications in many languages.

Using Nitric you define your apps in terms of the resources they need, then write the code for serverless function based APIs, event subscribers and scheduled jobs.

Apps built with Nitric can be deployed to AWS, Azure or Google Cloud all from the same code base so you can focus on your products, not your cloud provider.

Nitric makes it easy to:

- Create smart [serverless functions and APIs](https://nitric.io/docs/apis)
- Build reliable distributed apps that use [events](https://nitric.io/docs/messaging/topics) and/or [queues](https://nitric.io/docs/messaging/queues)
- Securely store, retrieve and rotate [secrets](https://nitric.io/docs/secrets)
- Read and write files from [buckets](https://nitric.io/docs/storage)

## Learning Nitric

Nitric provides detailed and intuitive [documentation](https://nitric.io/docs) and [guides](https://nitric.io/docs/getting-started) to help you get started quickly.

If you'd rather chat with the maintainers or community, come and join our [Discord](https://nitric.io/chat) server, [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric/discussions) or find us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nitric_io).

## Running this project

To run this project you'll need the [Nitric CLI](https://nitric.io/docs/installation) installed, then you can use the CLI commands to run, build or deploy the project.

```bash
# install dependencies
go mod tidy

# run locally
nitric start
```

Commit message:

add note on CLI compatibility.

v1/multi-language/go/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://nitric.io" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nitrictech/nitric/main/docs/assets/nitric-logo.svg" height="120"></a></p>

## About Nitric

> ⚠️ Note: This repo contains features that require a minimum nitric CLI version of [1.52.0](https://github.com/nitrictech/cli/releases/tag/v1.52.0)

This is a [Nitric](https://nitric.io) Golang project, but Nitric is a framework for rapid development of cloud-native and serverless applications in many languages.

Using Nitric you define your apps in terms of the resources they need, then write the code for serverless function based APIs, event subscribers and scheduled jobs.

Apps built with Nitric can be deployed to AWS, Azure or Google Cloud all from the same code base so you can focus on your products, not your cloud provider.

Nitric makes it easy to:

- Create smart [serverless functions and APIs](https://nitric.io/docs/apis)
- Build reliable distributed apps that use [events](https://nitric.io/docs/messaging/topics) and/or [queues](https://nitric.io/docs/messaging/queues)
- Securely store, retrieve and rotate [secrets](https://nitric.io/docs/secrets)
- Read and write files from [buckets](https://nitric.io/docs/storage)

## Learning Nitric

Nitric provides detailed and intuitive [documentation](https://nitric.io/docs) and [guides](https://nitric.io/docs/getting-started) to help you get started quickly.

If you'd rather chat with the maintainers or community, come and join our [Discord](https://nitric.io/chat) server, [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/nitrictech/nitric/discussions) or find us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/nitric_io).

## Running this project

To run this project you'll need the [Nitric CLI](https://nitric.io/docs/installation) installed, then you can use the CLI commands to run, build or deploy the project.

```bash
# install dependencies
go mod tidy

# run locally
nitric start
```
